# 01-Basic concepts of geomerty:

ToC:

1. Maintaining Mathematical Proficiency

2. Mathematical Practices
    + 1.1 Points, Lines, and Planes
    + 1.2 Measuring and Constructing Segments
    + 1.3 Using Midpoint and Distance Formulas

3. Study Skills
    + 1.1-1.3 Quiz
    + 1.4 Perimeter and Area in the Coordinate Plane
    + 1.5 Measuring and Constructing Angles
    + 1.6 Describing Pairs of Angles

4. Performance Task

5. Chapter Review

6  Chapter Test

7. Cumulative Assessment

8. Additional Information and problems.


---

## 1. Maintaining Mathematical Proficiency


### Calculating Absolute value:

- Find the Area of triangle: 
    Area of a triangle ( right, equilateral, isosceles ...)
    ( problems that have to use  Pythagorean theorem to get a side or hights length to calculate area of
    triangle )

- Abstract reasoning: describe the possible values for x and y when |x - y| > 0 . 
What does it mean when |x - y| = 0? can |x - y| < 0? explain your reasoning.

- Units of measurements
    1 foot = 12 inches                      1 cm = 10 milli-meters
    1 yard = 3 feet                         1 meter = 1000 milli-meters
    1 mile = 5280 feet or 1760 yards        1 km =  1000 milli-meters

- converting units of measurements:

### Points, Lines and Plains.

- point : dimensionless, a dot represents a point.
- line: One dimension, represented by a line with arrow at two ends with out end.
  Through any two points there is exactly one single line 
- plane: two dimensions, It looks like a floor or a wall but extends without a end.
  Through any three points(not on same like) there is exactly one plane.

- co-linear points, co-planer points, line segment or segment, ray, opposite rays, Intersection(lines,
  planes), 
 

- Measuring and constructing Segments.

- Using mid point and Distance Formulas.

- Perimeter and Area in co-ordinate Plane.

- Measuring and Constructing Angles.

- Describing Pairs of Angles.

- Absolute value:

Questions:

    1. prove area of equilateral triangle ( (3)^0.5 * (side)^2 )/ 4 
    2. Area of isosceles triangle
---
2. Mathematical Practices
    + 1.1 Points, Lines, and Planes
    + 1.2 Measuring and Constructing Segments
    + 1.3 Using Midpoint and Distance Formulas




---
