- TEther: 
 They have 300+ million customers outside of USA.
 ( this high customer base can be for the following reason:
   - A big pocket of the World requires $ (ex:argentina, iran....
 )

- TEhter as a company make more money then blackrock:
As of 2024 dec they have about 140 billion USD, they have more then USDT then germany.
They are 5% of the auctions that take place 

This can imply that currencies out of USD are getting even faster devaluing then the USD itself.
This gives access to a stable coin outside this global eco-system 

- Because TEther keeps the interst, because its not a money market fund, where they pay the interest,
therefore its not a security, Since this is not a security the SEC can not come in and dictate rules to it,
so people want to buy it Because it has USD with them.

- 300 million users = populatuon of USA that is 4000 USD per person.
- They do 100 millio revine per employee ( NVID is 3.5 million per employee, apple is 2.5 million per employee ) 
- TEhter is very successful company, and they are not also belivers in gold. 
- TEther AU stable coin ( they hold 42 tons of bangaram. )
- TEther also mines bitcoins in peragua and currently hold more then 53k BTC with them. 

- TEther has built a successful eco-system all over the world. This is some thing that is happening outside of the 
  stockmarket, bangaram market ... 
  This is out of the relm and surprising how much bangaram they hold in so short time.

- This is a breakaway from the stockmarket chains.
  
Started with underages kids who mined eth on there GPU.
as underaged they could not open a bank/brokerage account, but were able to open a crypto exchange account and sell their 
Etheriums and found a way to  convert that coins to cash (Euros) and finally bought a  computer.

And madness over 30 millon kids were doing this all over the world. 

The popularity of TEther : could be many governments have oppresed there citizens ( canada : truckers, ) 
Turkey: many people want to have usd outside their country.
lebonan: currency depreciation about 98% 

Matador: Idea is to use the BTC network and create what is called a Ordinals attached a gram of Bangaram to this peice of art,
then can turn around and separate and travel all over the world.

There can be a renaissance for Bangaram, since companies like TEther and the ordinabls being of all of a sudden combine them 
there will be this great crossover,  bangaram will then ignite at a different level in the crypto realm. 


As part of our 2025 Outlook Series, Holmes shares his optimistic perspective on the future of gold and Bitcoin, 
predicting a deeper intersection between these two asset classes. 

"Gold and crypto are on a path to converge. 
Companies like Tether integrating gold into stablecoins could ignite a new level of interest in gold."
