# Docker Get Started:

---

### ToC:

    1. Introduction
    2. Concepts
        - What is a Container
        - What is a Image
        - What is a registry
        - What is a Docker Compose
    3. Building Images
        - Understanding image layers
        - Writing dockerfiles
        - build, tag, and publish an image
        - using the build cache
        - multi-stage builds
    4. Running containers
        - publishing and exposing ports
        - overriding container defaults
        - persisting container data
        - sharing local files with conatainers
        - multi-container applications
    5. WorkShop
        - Part1: Containerize an application 
        - Part2: Update the application 
        - Part3: Share the application 
        - Part4: Persist the DB 
        - Part5: use bind mounts 
        - Part6: multi-container apps 
        - Part7: Use docker Compose 
        
    Additional resources
---

### 1. Introduction:

- Docker is an open platform for developing, shipping and running applications. 
- Docker enables you to separate your application from your infrastructure so you can deliver software
  quickly. 
- With Docker you can manage your infrastructure in the same way you manage your applications. 

- Key strength of Docker: 
    Provides a methodology for shipping, testing, and deploying code, you can significantly reduce the
    delay between writing code and running it in production.

#### Docket Platform: 

- Docker provides the ability to package and run an application in a loosely isolated environment called 
  a container. 

- The isolation and security lets you run many containers simultaneously on a given host. 

- Containers are lightweight and contain everything needed to run the application, so you don't need to rely
  on what's installed on the host. 

- You can share containers while you work, and be sure that everyone you share with gets the same container 
  that works in the same way.

Docker provides tooling and a platform to manage the lifecycle of your containers:

- Develop your application and its supporting components using containers.
- The container becomes the unit for distributing and testing your application.
- When you're ready, deploy your application into your production environment, as a container or an 
  orchestrated service.
- This works the same whether your production environment is a local data center, a cloud provider, or a 
  hybrid of the two.









